[CTM-537] add lat.md (#1747)
broadinstitute/sam: lat.md/groups-and-policies.md

WHERE g.name = '<child-group-name>';
```

**Auth domains:**
```sql
SELECT rt.name AS resource_type, r.name AS resource_name
FROM SAM_GROUP g
JOIN SAM_RESOURCE_AUTH_DOMAIN ad ON ad.group_id = g.id
JOIN SAM_RESOURCE r ON r.id = ad.resource_id
JOIN SAM_RESOURCE_TYPE rt ON rt.id = r.resource_type_id
WHERE g.name = '<child-group-name>';
```

Note: the "parent group" blocking deletion is usually not a standalone managed group — it is the backing group for some resource's policy. Do not delete it. Just remove the child group from it.

Note: querying `SAM_GROUP_MEMBER_FLAT` (transitive) will show the child group's own policy backing groups as additional members of the parent — these are expected and not direct memberships.

### Step 2: Remove the Child Group From Its Parent Policy

Use the admin API:
```
DELETE /api/admin/v1/resources/{resource-type}/{resource-id}/policies/{policy-name}/memberEmails/{child-group-email}
```

**Permission required:** The caller needs the `admin_remove_member` action on `resource_type_admin/{resource-type}`. This is granted by the `admin` role on that resource.

### Step 3: Check/Fix Permissions on resource_type_admin

> The 404 "Resource resource_type_admin/X not found" error does **not** mean the resource doesn't exist — it means you have zero permissions on it. SAM returns 404 instead of 403 as a security measure (`SecurityDirectives.scala`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 404 "Resource resource_type_admin/X not found" error does **not** necessarily mean the resource doesn't exist — it may also mean you have zero permissions on it. SAM returns 404 instead of 403 as a security measure (`SecurityDirectives.scala`).
```
